Let me tell you, if you're struggling to
get spoiled by men, it is only for two
reasons. Either you're with the wrong
man or you are not presenting yourself
as the woman he wants to invest in. And
that's exactly why I created the queen
treatment. Okay? I have included every
single step, every single stage so you
can learn how to first of all become the
woman, present yourself as the woman he
naturally wants to invest in. And second
of all, how to spot the right men. And
now also where to find the right men. Is
it online? Is it offline? In real life,
you can find them everywhere. And the
problem is not that all men are trash.
The problem is that you are not in the
surroundings where these men are. Okay.
Now, if you have not downloaded my ebook
yet, this is your sign to do so. And
after you have downloaded it and read it
and use my strategies and rules and
you're still not getting spoiled, it's
because you do not want to.